

Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.


Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.  Watch for it everywhere.


It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.


Your fault -- Core dumped


If we do not change our direction we may end up where we're heading.


Q: Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A: Because it was on the other side.


Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
                -- Don Vonada


Klein bottle for rent -- inquire within.


Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his name
correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into
(Nick-les Worth).  Which is to say that Europeans call him by name, but
Americans call him by value.


Q:      Why do ducks have flat feet?
A:      To stamp out forest fires.

Q:      Why do elephants have flat feet?
A:      To stamp out flaming ducks.


Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.


All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.


/Earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.


There was a young poet named Dan,
Whose poetry never would scan.
        When told this was so,
        He said, "Yes, I know.
It's because I try to put every possible syllable into that last line that I can
."


Gyroscope, n.:
        A wheel or disk mounted to spin rapidly about an axis and also
free to rotate about one or both of two axes perpendicular to each
other and the axis of spin so that a rotation of one of the two
mutually perpendicular axes results from application of torque to the
other when the wheel is spinning and so that the entire apparatus
offers considerable opposition depending on the angular momentum to any
torque that would change the direction of the axis of spin.
                -- Webster's Seventh New Collegiate Dictionary


How doth the VAX's C-compiler
Improve its object code.
And even as we speak does it
Increase the system load.

How patiently it seems to run
And spit out error flags,
While users, with frustration, all
Tear all their clothes to rags.


"A witty saying proves nothing."
                -- Voltaire



"Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is ugly and the paper
is from the wrong kind of tree."
                --Profesoor W.


Ray's Rule of Precision:
        Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.


Heuristics are bug ridden by definition.  If they didn't have bugs,
then they'd be algorithms.


Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.  Check
three friends.  If they're ok, you're it.


Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they can be terribly
misleading.  Debug only code.
                -- Dave Storer


If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
                -- Norm Schryer


Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.


Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.


"I am not sure what this is, but an `F' would only dignify it."
                -- English Professor


"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm staying home to work on my
cottage cheese sculpture."


"I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I
snore."


Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems
theory.


"Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not
tried it."
                -- Donald Knuth


"Pascal is not a high-level language."
                -- Steven Feiner


Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.


It is now pitch dark.  If you proceed, you will likely fall into a
pit.


SHIFT TO THE LEFT!  SHIFT TO THE RIGHT!
POP UP, PUSH DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!


Gerrold's Laws of Infernal Dynamics:
        1.  An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong
            direction.
        2.  An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
        3.  The energy required to change either one of these states
            will always be more than you wish to expend, but never so
            much as to make the task totally impossible.


The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
regarded as a criminal offense.
                -- E. W. Dijkstra


God rest ye CS students now,
Let nothing you dismay.
The VAX is down and won't be up,
Until the first of May.
The program that was due this morn,
Won't be postponed, they say.

        Oh, tidings of comfort and joy,
        Comfort and joy,
        Oh, tidings of comfort and joy.

The bearings on the drum are gone,
The disk is wobbling, too.
We've found a bug in Lisp, and Algol
Can't tell false from true.
And now we find that we can't get
At Berkeley's 4.2.

        (chorus)


Scotty: Captain, we din' can reference it!
Kirk:   Analysis, Mr. Spock?
Spock:  Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table.
Kirk:   Then it's of external origin?
Spock:  Affirmative.
Kirk:   Mr. Sulu, go to pass two.
Sulu:   Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.


Micro Credo:
        Never trust a computer bigger than you can lift.


better !pout !cry
better watchout
lpr why
santa claus <north pole >town

cat /etc/passwd >list
ncheck list
ncheck list
cat list | grep naughty >nogiftlist
cat list | grep nice >giftlist
santa claus <north pole > town

who | grep sleeping
who | grep awake
who | egrep 'bad|good'
for (goodness sake) {
        be good
}


!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m\'I  !pleH


(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.

Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.


(1) Everything depends.
(2) Nothing is always.
(3) Everything is sometimes.


1.79 x 10^12 furlongs per fortnight -- it\'s not just a good idea, it\'s
the law!


10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.


101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR
	(1)  Scarecrow for centipedes
	(2)  Dead cat brush
	(3)  Hair barrettes
	(4)  Cleats
	(5)  Self-piercing earrings
	(6)  Fungus trellis
	(7)  False eyelashes
	(8)  Prosthetic dog claws
        .
        .
        .
	(99)  Window garden harrow (pulled behind Tonka tractors)
	(100) Killer velcro
	(101) Currency


"355/113 -- Not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible
simulation!"


43rd Law of Computing:
	Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped



7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog drinks too much and kicks over the National
	Redwood Forest.


7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog gets a hormonal short-circuit and violates the
	Mann Act with an interstate Greyhound bus.


A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well
as afterward.


A closed mouth gathers no foot.


A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen
lantern.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff


A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?


A day without sunshine is like night.


A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
		-- D. Gries


A good question is never answered.  It is not a bolt to be tightened
into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the
hope of greening the landscape of idea.
		-- John Ciardi


A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is
not worth knowing.


A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program
in than some that do.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
		-- H. H. Munroe


A new koan:

	If you have some ice cream, I will give it to you.

	If you have no ice cream, I will take it away from you.

It is an ice cream koan.

